# World Translationator 5000 (WTFK)
## Project Description
About 15% of Americans admit to feeling more confused about their health following healthcare appointments rather than before; nearly 48% of Americans report feeling anxious prior to going to doctors' appointments, which is before even the confusion resulting from appointments. Seeking treatment for health issues is already an anxiety-inducing topic and issue in and of itself, but with doctors using medical jargon and overly complex terms, patients become even more anxious and feel mistrusting of doctors and healthcare professionals. This mistrust poses the risk of greatly compromising the quality of care for these patients, and compromising the standard of healthcare as a whole. Enter: The World Translationator 5000 (WTFK).

The WTFK is a revolutionary, and necessary, addition to every healthcare office in the world: a contemporary translational tool that provides patients with an easy, accessible way to understand their diagnoses, conditions, and reasons for the medications they are prescribed. This tool utilizes a large-language model wrapper to reduce the complexity and technicality of medical jargon used in diagnosing patients, providing patients with a diagnosis in lay man's terms to reduce anxiety, miscommunication, and mistrust in the healthcare field; beyond this, the WTFK uses a quantum circuit to translate diagnoses into English and Spanish while fully maintaining the sentiment of these medical statements. Since we successfully have proven the ability of this quantum algorithm in sentiment analysis for medical advice, further work is being done on this solution to expand the scope of this solution to include French, Arabic, Hindi, and Chinese. 

## How to install/run the project
Run [app.py](app.py) under the website folder to launch the website for the WTFK. 
